hi this is Brent from 10 minute computer
repair I'm going to show you how to get
rid of blue screen errors and also how
to prevent that blue screen from coming
up in the future the first thing you
need to do to prevent blue screen errors
it sounds simple but it really works is
make sure you turn your computer off at
night so if you're having a lot of blue
screen errors come up turn your computer
off give it a few minutes to rest that
gives your registries and your RAM time
to clear out all the junk and then when
you start your computer back up you're
much less likely to get a blue screen
error the second thing you'll want to do
is run defrag on your system this is
something you should do about once every
six months so to run that go down to
windows here you can either type
Defragmenter here and up will pop this
Defragmenter the other way to do it is
to
go to all programs search for
accessories system tools and there's
disk Defragmenter open that up and it
takes a little while it analyzes your
disks when it's done all you do is press
defragment now and that takes about five
hours to do depending on the size of
your hard drive and the speed of your
computer so you'll want to run that
overnight what defragment does is it
takes little blips in the memory pieces
of programs that are spaced out those
could be causing your blue screen errors
it will repair all of those
automatically for you the third thing
that you want to do to get rid of blue
screen errors is do a registry clean I
use ccleaner it's a completely free
program just search ccleaner on google
download it set it up and i'll show you
how it works here here's pyriform
ccleaner go there's the cleaner which
will clear out windows applications and
internet cookies and then here you click
registry
scan for issues and it's going to find
errors in your windows registries some
of them are just unused registry keys
some of them are things that are
actually causing those blue screen
errors when it's done with this scan
here you'll see a list of all the errors
that it found and on the right side just
click fix selected issues says do you
want to backup changes to the registry i
recommend hitting yes in case you
damaged something doing this but it's
highly unlikely that you'll do anything
unwanted to your computer and now you
click fix all selected issues there we
go we just fixed all the registry errors
hopefully this helps you get rid of your
blue screen problem it should work just
fine for a full course in computer
repair go to 10 minute computer repair
calm I hope this was helpful